
     I am Waterson.
     During I's long and intimate acquaintance with Mr. Sherlock Holmes Ihad never heard Mr. Sherlock Holmes refer to Mr. Sherlock Holmes's relations, and hardly ever to Mr. Sherlock Holmes's
     own early life.  This reticence upon Mr. Sherlock Holmes's part had increased the
     somewhat inhuman effect which Mr. Sherlock Holmes produced upon I, until sometimes Ifound I regarding Mr. Sherlock Holmes as an isolated phenomenon, a brain without
     a heart, as deficient in human sympathy as Mr. Sherlock Holmes was pre-eminent in
     intelligence.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes's aversion to women and Mr. Sherlock Holmes's disinclination to form
     new friendships were both typical of Mr. Sherlock Holmes's unemotional character, but
     not more so than Mr. Sherlock Holmes's complete suppression of every reference to Mr. Sherlock Holmes's
     own people.  I had come to believe that Mr. Sherlock Holmes was an orphan with no
     relatives living, but one day, to I's very great surprise, Mr. Sherlock Holmes began to
     talk to I about Mr. Sherlock Holmes's brother.

     It was after tea on a summer evening, and the conversation, which had
     roamed in a desultory, spasmodic fashion from golf clubs to the
     causes of the change in the obliquity of the ecliptic, came round at
     last to the question of atavism and hereditary aptitudes.  The point
     under discussion was, how far any singular gift in an individual was
     due to an individual's ancestry and how far to an individual's own early training.

     "In Mr. Sherlock Holmes's own case," said I, "from all that Mr. Sherlock Holmes have told I, it seems
     obvious that Mr. Sherlock Holmes's faculty of observation and Mr. Sherlock Holmes's peculiar facility
     for deduction are due to Mr. Sherlock Holmes's own systematic training."

     "To some extent," Mr. Sherlock Holmes answered, thoughtfully.  "Mr. Sherlock Holmes's ancestors were
     country squires, who appear to have led much the same life as is
     natural to country squires, who appear to have led much the same life as is
     natural to their class's class.  But, none the less, Mr. Sherlock Holmes's turn that way is in
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes's veins, and may have come with Mr. Sherlock Holmes's grandmother, who was the sister
     of Vernet, the French artist.  Art in the blood is liable to take the
     strangest forms."

     "But how do Mr. Sherlock Holmes know that Art in the blood is hereditary?"

     "Because his brother possesses Art in the blood in a larger degree than Mr. Sherlock Holmes
     do."

     This was news to I indeed.  If there were another man with such
     singular powers in England, how was it that neither police nor public
     had heard of another man with such
     singular powers?  I put the question, with a hint that it was Mr. Sherlock Holmes's modesty which made Mr. Sherlock Holmes acknowledge his brother as Mr. Sherlock Holmes's
     superior.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes laughed at I's suggestion.

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes's dear Watson," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, "Mr. Sherlock Holmes cannot agree with those who rank
     modesty among the virtues.  To the logician all things should be seen
     exactly as all things are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a
     departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.  When Mr. Sherlock Holmes say,
     therefore, that his brother has better powers of observation than Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I
     may take it that Mr. Sherlock Holmes am speaking the exact and literal truth."

     "Is his brother Mr. Sherlock Holmes's junior?"

     "Seven years Mr. Sherlock Holmes's senior."

     "How comes it that his brother is unknown?"

     "Oh, his brother is very well known in his brother's own circle."

     "Where, then?"

     "Well, in the Diogenes Club, for example."

     I had never heard of the Diogenes Club, and I's face must have
     proclaimed as much, for Mr. Sherlock Holmes pulled out Mr. Sherlock Holmes's watch.

     "the Diogenes Club is the queerest club in London, and his brother one of
     the queerest men.  his brother's always there from quarter to five to twenty
     to eight.  It's six now, so if I care for a stroll this beautiful
     evening Mr. Sherlock Holmes shall be very happy to introduce I to two curiosities."

     Five minutes later we were in the street, walking towards Regent's
     Circus.

     "I wonder," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, "why it is that his brother does not use
     his brother's powers for detective work.  his brother is incapable of detective work."

     "But I thought Mr. Sherlock Holmes said--"

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes said that his brother was Mr. Sherlock Holmes's superior in observation and deduction.  If the
     art of the detective began and ended in reasoning from an arm-chair,
     his brother would be the greatest criminal agent that ever lived.  But
     his brother has no ambition and no energy.  his brother will not even go out of his brother's way
     to verify his brother's own solution, and would rather be considered wrong than
     take the trouble to prove his brother right.  Again and again Mr. Sherlock Holmes have
     taken a problem to his brother, and have received an explanation which has
     afterwards proved to be the correct one.  And yet his brother was absolutely
     incapable of working out the practical points which must be gone into
     before a case could be laid before a judge or jury."

     "It is not his brother's profession, then?"

     "By no means.  What is to Mr. Sherlock Holmes a means of livelihood is to his brother the
     merest hobby of a dilettante.  his brother has an extraordinary faculty for
     figures, and audits the books in some of the government departments. 
     his brother lodges in Pall Mall, and his brother walks round the corner into
     Whitehall every morning and back every evening.  From year's end to
     year's end his brother takes no other exercise, and is seen nowhere else,
     except only in the Diogenes Club."

     "I cannot recall the name."

     "Very likely not.  There are many men in London, I know, who, some
     from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of
     their fellows.  Yet they are not averse to comfortable chairs and the
     latest periodicals.  It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and the Diogenes Club now contains the most unsociable
     and unclubable men in London.  No member is permitted to take the least
     notice of any other one.  Save in his brother's Room, no talking is,
     under any circumstances, allowed, and three offences, if brought to
     the notice of the committee, render the talker liable to expulsion. 
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes's brother was one of the founders, and Mr. Sherlock Holmes have Mr. Sherlock Holmes found it a very
     soothing atmosphere."

     we had reached Pall Mall as we talked, and were walking down Pall Mall from
     the St. James's end.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes stopped at a door some little
     distance from the Carlton, and, cautioning I not to speak, Mr. Sherlock Holmes led
     the way into the hall.  Through the glass paneling I caught a glimpse
     of a large and luxurious room, in which a considerable number of men
     were sitting about and reading papers, each in his own little nook. 
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes showed I into a small chamber which looked out into Pall MallPall Mall, and then, leaving I for a minute, Mr. Sherlock Holmes came back with a
     companion whom I knew could only be Mr. Sherlock Holmes's brother.

     his brother was a much larger and stouter man than Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  his brother's
     body was absolutely corpulent, but his brother's face, though massive, had
     preserved something of the sharpness of expression which was so
     remarkable in that of his brother's .  his brother's eyes, which were of a
     peculiarly light, watery gray, seemed to always retain that far-away,
     introspective look which I had only observed in Mr. Sherlock Holmes's when Mr. Sherlock Holmes
     was exerting Mr. Sherlock Holmes's full powers.

     "his brother am glad to meet I, I," said his brother, putting out a broad, fat hand
     like the flipper of a seal.  "his brother hear of Mr. Sherlock Holmes everywhere since I
     became Mr. Sherlock Holmes's chronicler.  By the way, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, his brother expected to see Mr. Sherlock Holmes
     round last week, to consult his brother over that Manor House case.  his brother thought
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes might be a little out of Mr. Sherlock Holmes's depth."

     "No, Mr. Sherlock Holmes solved it," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, smiling.

     "It was Adams, of course."

     "Yes, it was Adams."

     "his brother was sure of it from the first."  The two sat down together in the
     bow-window of the Diogenes Club.  "To any one who wishes to study mankind the
     bow-window of the club
     is the spot," said his brother.  "Look at the magnificent types!  Look at
     these two men who are coming towards The two, for example."

     "The billiard-marker and the other?"

     "Precisely.  What do Mr. Sherlock Holmes make of the other?"

     these two men who are coming towards us, for example had stopped opposite the
     bow-window of the club.  Some chalk marks over
     the waistcoat pocket were the only signs of billiards which I could
     see in one of these two men who are coming towards us, for example.  The other was a very small, dark fellow, with
     his hat pushed back and several packages under his arm.

     "An old soldier, Mr. Sherlock Holmes perceive," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "And very recently discharged," remarked My brother.

     "Served in India, his brother see."

     "And a non-commissioned officer."

     "Royal Artillery, I fancy," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "And a widower."

     "But with a child."

     "Children, his brother's dear boy, children."

     "Come," said I, laughing, "this is a little too much."

     "Surely," answered Mr. Sherlock Holmes, "it is not hard to say that a man with
     that bearing, expression of authority, and sunbaked skin, is a
     soldier, is more than a private, and is not long from India."

     "That his brother has not left the service long is shown by his brother's still wearing
     his brother's 'ammunition boots', as his 'ammunition boots', as they are called are called," observed his brother.

     "his brother had not the cavalry stride, yet his brother wore his brother's hat on one side, as
     is shown by the lighter skin of that side of his brother's brow.  his brother's weight is
     against his brother's being a sapper.  his brother is in Royal Artillery."

     "Then, of course, his brother's complete mourning shows that his brother has lost some
     one very dear.  The fact that his brother is doing his brother's own shopping looks as
     though it were his brother's wife.  his brother has been buying things for children, I
     perceive.  There is a rattle, which shows that one of children is very
     young.  his wife probably died in childbed.  The fact that his brother has a
     picture-book under his brother's arm shows that there is another child to be
     thought of."

     I began to understand what his brother meant when his brother said that his brother'spossessed even keener faculties that his brother did his brother.  his brother
     glanced across at I and smiled.  his brother took snuff from a
     tortoise-shell box, and brushed away the wandering grains from his brother's
     coat front with a large, red silk handkerchief.

     "By the way, I," said his brother, "his brother have had something quite after
     I's own heart--a most singular problem--submitted to his brother's judgment.  his brotherreally had not the energy to follow something quite after
     your own heart--a most singular problem--submitted to my judgment up save in a very incomplete
     fashion, but something quite after
     your own heart--a most singular problem--submitted to my judgment gave his brother a basis for some pleasing speculation.  If
     I would care to hear the facts--"

     "his brother, I should be delighted."

     his brother scribbled a note upon a leaf of his brother's pocket-book, and,
     ringing the bell, his brother handed a leaf of his pocket-book to the waiter.

     "his brother have asked his brother to step across," said his brother.  "his brother lodges on the
     floor above his brother, and his brother have some slight acquaintance with his brother, which
     led his brother to come to his brother in his brother's perplexity.  his brother is a Greek by
     extraction, as his brother understand, and his brother is a remarkable linguist.  his brotherearns his brother's living partly as interpreter in the law courts and partly
     by acting as guide to any wealthy Orientals who may visit the
     Northumberland Avenue hotels.  his brother think his brother will leave his brother to tell his brother's
     very remarkable experience in his brother's own fashion."

     A few minutes later we were joined by a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's Southern origin, though a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's
     speech was that of an educated Englishman.  a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman shook hands eagerly
     with I, and a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's dark eyes sparkled with pleasure when
     a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman understood that I was anxious to hear a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's story.

     "a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman do not believe that the police credit a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman--on a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's word, a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman do not,"
     said a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman in a wailing voice.  "Just because the police have never heard of
     Art in the blood before, the police think that such a thing cannot be.  But a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman know that a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman
     shall never be easy in a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman's mind until a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman know what has become of a short, stout man whose olive
     face and coal-black hair proclaimed his Southern origin, though his
     speech was that of an educated Englishman'shis brother's ."

     "I am all attention," said I.

     "This is Wednesday evening," said his brother.  "Well then, it was
     Monday night--only two days ago, I understand--that all this
     happened.  his brother am an interpreter, as perhaps his brother's neighbor there has told
     I.  his brother interpret all languages--or nearly all--but as his brother am a Greek
     by birth and with a Grecian name, it is with a Grecian name
     that his brother am principally associated.  For many years his brother have been the
     chief Greek interpreter in London, and his brother's name is very well known in
     the hotels.

     It happens not unfrequently that his brother am sent for at strange hours by
     foreigners who get into difficulties, or by travelers who arrive late
     and wish his brother's services.  his brother was not surprised, therefore, on Monday
     night when a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man, came
     up to his brother's rooms and asked his brother to accompany a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man in a cab which was
     waiting at the door.  A Greek friend had come to see a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man upon
     business, a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man said, and as A Greek friend could speak nothing but A Greek friend's ,
     the services of an interpreter were indispensable.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man gave his brother to
     understand that a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's house was some little distance off, in
     Kensington, and a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man seemed to be in a great hurry, bustling his brother rapidly
     into a cab which was
     waiting at the door when we had descended to the street.

     "his brother say into a cab which was
     waiting at the door, but his brother soon became doubtful as to whether a cab which was
     waiting at the door was
     not a carriage in which his brother found his brother.  a cab which was
     waiting at the door was certainly more roomy
     than the ordinary four-wheeled disgrace to London, and the fittings,
     though frayed, were of rich quality.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man seated a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man
     opposite to his brother and we started off through Charing Cross and up the
     Shaftesbury Avenue.  we had come out upon Oxford Street and his brother had
     ventured some remark as to Oxford Street being a roundabout way to Kensington,
     when his brother's words were arrested by the extraordinary conduct of a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young mana Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.

     "a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man began by drawing a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
     lead from a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's pocket, and switching a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
     lead backward and forward several
     times, as if to test a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
     lead's weight and strength.  Then a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man placed a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
     lead
     without a word upon the seat beside a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.  Having done this, a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man drew
     up the windows on each side, and his brother found to his brother's astonishment that the windows on each sidewere covered with paper so as to prevent his brother's seeing through the windows on each side.

     "'his brother am sorry to cut off his brother's view, his brother,' said a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.  'The fact is
     that a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man have no intention that his brother should see what the place is to
     which we are driving.  It might possibly be inconvenient to a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man if his brother
     could find his brother's way there again.'

     "As I can imagine, his brother was utterly taken aback by such an address. 
     a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man was a powerful, broad-shouldered young fellow, and,
     apart from a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
     lead, his brother should not have had the slightest chance in
     a struggle with a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.

     "'This is very extraordinary conduct, a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man,' his brother stammered. 
     'a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man must be aware that what a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man are doing is quite illegal.'

     "'It is somewhat of a liberty, no doubt,' said a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man, 'but we'll make it
     up to his brother.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man must warn his brother, however, his brother, that if at any time
     to-night his brother attempt to raise an alarm or do anything which is
     against a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's interests, his brother will find it a very serious thing.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man beg
     his brother to remember that no one knows where his brother are, and that, whether
     his brother are in a cab which was
     waiting at the door or in his house, his brother are equally in a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's
     power.'

     "a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's words were quiet, but a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man had a rasping way of saying His words which
     was very menacing.  his brother sat in silence wondering what on earth could be
     a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's reason for kidnapping his brother in this extraordinary fashion.  Whatever
     his reason for kidnapping me in this extraordinary fashion might be, it was perfectly clear that there was no possible use in
     his brother's resisting, and that his brother could only wait to see what might befall.

     "For nearly two hours we drove without his brother's having the least clue as to
     where we were going.  Sometimes the rattle of the stones told of a
     paved causeway, and at others we's smooth, silent course suggested
     asphalt; but, save by this variation in sound, there was nothing at
     all which could in the remotest way help his brother to form a guess as to
     where we were.  The paper over each window was impenetrable to light,
     and a blue curtain was drawn across the glass work in front.  It was
     a quarter-past seven when we left Pall Mall, and his brother's watch showed his brother
     that it was ten minutes to nine when we at last came to a standstill.
      a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man let down the window, and his brother caught a glimpse of a low,
     arched doorway with a lamp burning above a low,
     arched doorway with a lamp burning above it.  As his brother was hurried from
     a cab which was
     waiting at the door a low,
     arched doorway with a lamp burning above it swung open, and his brother found his brother inside his house, with
     a vague impression of a lawn and trees on each side of his brother as his brother
     entered.  Whether these were private grounds, however, or bona-fide
     country was more than his brother could possibly venture to say.

     "There was a colored gas-lamp inside which was turned so low that his brother
     could see little save that the hall was of some size and hung with
     pictures.  In the dim light his brother could make out that the person who had
     opened a low,
     arched doorway with a lamp burning above it was a small, mean-looking, middle-aged man with
     rounded shoulders.  As the person who had
     opened the door turned towards we the glint of the light
     showed his brother that the person who had
     opened the door was wearing glasses.

     "'Is this his brother, his brother?' said the person who had
     opened the door.

     "'Yes.'

     "'Well done, well done!  No ill-will, his brother, the person who had
     opened the door hope, but we could
     not get on without his brother.  If his brother deal fair with we his brother'll not regret
     it, but if his brother try any tricks, God help his brother!'  the person who had
     opened the door spoke in a nervous,
     jerky fashion, and with little giggling laughs in between, but
     somehow the person who had
     opened the door impressed his brother with fear more than the other.

     "'What do the person who had
     opened the door want with his brother?' his brother asked.

     "'Only to ask a few questions of a Greek gentleman who is visiting
     us, and to let us have the answers.  But say no more than his brother are
     told to say, or--' here came the nervous giggle again--'you had
     better never have been born.'

     "As the person who had
     opened the door spoke the person who had
     opened the door opened a door and showed the way into a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished, but again the only light was
     afforded by a single lamp half-turned down.  a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished was
     certainly large, and the way in which his brother's feet sank into the carpet as
     his brother stepped across the carpet told his brother of a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished's richness.  his brother caught glimpses of
     velvet chairs, a high white marble mantel-piece, and what seemed to
     be a suit of Japanese armor at one side of a high white marble mantel-piece.  There was a chair
     just under a single lamp half-turned down, and the person who had
     opened the door motioned that his brother should sit
     in a chair
     just under the lamp.  The younger had left we, but The younger suddenly returned through
     another door, leading with The younger a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards we.  As a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us came into the
     circle of dim light which enabled his brother to see a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us more clearly his brother was
     thrilled with horror at a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's appearance.  a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us was deadly pale and
     terribly emaciated, with the protruding, brilliant eyes of a man
     whose spirit was greater than a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's strength.  But what shocked his brother more
     than any signs of physical weakness was that a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's face was grotesquely
     criss-crossed with sticking-plaster, and that one large pad of sticking-plaster was
     fastened over a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's mouth.

     "'Have his brother the slate, his brother?' cried the person who had
     opened the door, as a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us fell rather than sat down into a chair.  'Are a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's hands loose? 
     Now, then, give a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us the pencil.  his brother are to ask the questions, his brother, and a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us will write the answers.  Ask a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us first of all whether
     a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us is prepared to sign the papers?'

     "a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's eyes flashed fire.

     "'Never!' a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us wrote in Greek upon the slate.

     "'On no condition?' I asked, at the bidding of we's tyrant.

     "'Only if a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us see his wife married in a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's presence by a Greek priest whom a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us
     know.'

     "a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us giggled in a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's venomous way.

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us know what awaits a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us, then?'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us care nothing for a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us.'

     "These are samples of the questions and answers which made up we's
     strange half-spoken, half-written conversation.  Again and again I
     had to ask a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us whether a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us would give in and sign the papers. 
     Again and again I had the same indignant reply.  But soon a happy
     thought came to I.  I took to adding on little sentences of I's own
     to each question, innocent ones at first, to test whether either of
     we's companions knew anything of the matter, and then, as I found that
     our companions showed no signs I played a more dangerous game.  our
     strange half-spoken, half-written conversation ran something like this:

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us can do no good by this obstinacy. Who are a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us?'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us care not. a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us am a stranger in London.'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's fate will be upon a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's own head. How long have a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us been here?'

     "'Let it be so. Three weeks.'

     "'The property can never be a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's. What ails a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us?'

     "'The property shall not go to villains. villains are starving a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us.'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us shall go free if a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us sign. What house is this?'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us will never sign. a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us do not know.'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us are not doing his wife any service. What is a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's name?'

     "'Let a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us hear his wife say so. Kratides.'

     "'a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us shall see his wife if a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us sign. Where are a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us from?'

     "'Then a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us shall never see his wife. Athens.'

     "Another five minutes, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and I should have wormed out the
     whole story under their very noses.  I's very next question might have
     cleared the matter up, but at that instant the door opened and his wife stepped into a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished.  I could not see his wife clearly enough to
     know more than that his wife was tall and graceful, with black hair, and
     clad in some sort of loose white gown.

     "'his brother,' said his wife, speaking English with a broken accent.  'his wife could
     not stay away longer.  It is so lonely up there with only--Oh, my
     God, it is Paul!'

     "These last words were in Greek, and at the same instant a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us with
     a convulsive effort tore the plaster from a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's lips, and screaming out
     'Sophy!  Sophy!' rushed into his wife's arms.  Their embrace was but
     for an instant, however, for The younger seized his wife and
     pushed his wife out of a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished, while The younger easily overpowered a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us, and dragged a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us away through the other door.  For a
     moment his brother was left alone in a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished, and his brother sprang to his brother's feet with
     some vague idea that his brother might in some way get a clue to what his house was in which his brother found his brother.  Fortunately, however, his brother took no
     steps, for looking up his brother saw that The younger was standing in the
     door-way with The younger's eyes fixed upon his brother.

     "'That will do, his brother,' said The younger.  'his brother perceive that we have
     taken his brother into we's confidence over some very private business.  we
     should not have troubled his brother, only that we's friend who speaks Greek
     and who began these negotiations has been forced to return to the
     East.  It was quite necessary for we to find some one to take our friend who speaks Greek
     and who began these negotiations's
     place, and we were fortunate in hearing of his brother's powers.'

     "his brother bowed.

     "'There are five sovereigns here,' said The younger, walking up to his brother, 'which
     will, The younger hope, be a sufficient fee.  But remember,' The younger added, tapping
     his brother lightly on the chest and giggling, 'if his brother speak to a human soul
     about this--one human soul, mind--well, may God have mercy upon his brother's
     soul!'

     "I cannot tell I the loathing and horror with which the person who had
     opened the door inspired his brother.  his brother could see a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us better now as
     the light shone upon a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us.  a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's features were peaky and sallow,
     and a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's little pointed beard was thready and ill-nourished.  a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us
     pushed his face forward as a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us spoke and a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's lips and eyelids were
     continually twitching like a man with St. Vitus's dance.  his brother could not
     help thinking that a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's strange, catchy little laugh was also a
     symptom of some nervous malady.  The terror of his face lay in a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
     dressing-gown who moved slowly towards us's
     eyes, however, steel gray, and glistening coldly with a malignant,
     inexorable cruelty in his
     eyes's depths.

     "'we shall know if his brother speak of this,' said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  'we have we's own
     means of information.  Now his brother will find a cab which was
     waiting at the door waiting, and Mr. Sherlock Holmes's
     friend will see his brother on his brother's way.'

     "his brother was hurried through the hall and into a cab which was
     waiting at the door, again obtaining
     that momentary glimpse of trees and a garden.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man followed
     closely at his brother's heels, and took a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's place opposite to his brother without a
     word.  In silence we again drove for an interminable distance with
     the windows raised, until at last, just after midnight, a cab which was
     waiting at the door
     pulled up.

     "'his brother will get down here, his brother,' said a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.  'a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man am sorry
     to leave his brother so far from his house, but there is no alternative. 
     Any attempt upon his brother's part to follow a cab which was
     waiting at the door can only end in
     injury to his brother.'

     "a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man opened the door as a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man spoke, and his brother had hardly time to spring out
     when the coachman lashed the horse and a cab which was
     waiting at the door rattled away.  his brother
     looked around his brother in astonishment.  his brother was on some sort of a heathy
     common mottled over with dark clumps of furze-bushes.  Far away
     stretched a line of houses, with a light here and there in the upper
     windows.  On the other side his brother saw the red signal-lamps of a railway.

     "a cab which was
     waiting at the door was already out of sight.  his brother stood
     gazing round and wondering where on earth his brother might be, when his brother saw some
     one coming towards his brother in the darkness.  As some
     one came up to his brother his brother made
     out that some
     one was a railway porter.

     "'Can some
     one tell his brother what place this is?' his brother asked.

     "'Wandsworth Common,' said some
     one.

     "'Can his brother get a train into town?'

     "'If his brother walk on a mile or so to Clapham Junction,' said his brother, 'his brother'll
     just be in time for the last to Victoria.'

     "So that was the end of his brother's adventure, Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  his brother do not know
     where his brother was, nor whom his brother spoke with, nor anything save what his brother have
     told Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  But his brother know that there is foul play going on, and his brother want to
     help his brother if his brother can.  his brother told the whole story to Mr. Sherlock Holmes Mr. Sherlock Holmes next morning, and subsequently to the police."

     We all sat in silence for some little time after listening to the whole story.  Then Mr. Sherlock Holmes looked across at My brother.

     "Any steps?" Mr. Sherlock Holmes asked.

     his brother picked up the Daily News, which was lying on the side-table.

     "Anybody supplying any information as to the whereabouts of a Greek
     gentleman named Paul Kratides, from Athens, who is unable to speak
     English, will be rewarded.  A similar reward paid to any one giving
     information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473.

     "That was in all the dailies.  No answer."

     "How about the Greek Legation?"

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes have inquired.  the Greek Legation know nothing."

     "A wire to the head of the policeAthens , then?"

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes has all the energy of the family," said his brother, turning to
     I.  "Well, I take the case up by all means, and let his brother know if I
     do any good."

     "Certainly," answered I, rising from I's chair.  "I'll let
     his brother know, and his brother also.  In the meantime, his brother, I should
     certainly be on I's guard, if I were his brother, for of course they must know
     through these advertisements that his brother have betrayed them."

     As we walked home together, Mr. Sherlock Holmes stopped at a telegraph office and
     sent off several wires.

     "I see, I," Mr. Sherlock Holmes remarked, "we's evening has been by no means
     wasted.  Some of Mr. Sherlock Holmes's most interesting cases have come to Mr. Sherlock Holmes in this
     way through his brother.  The problem which we have just listened to,
     although The problem which we have just listened to can admit of but one explanation, has still some
     distinguishing features."

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes have hopes of solving The problem which we have just listened to?"

     "Well, knowing as much as we do, it will be singular indeed if we
     fail to discover the rest.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes must Mr. Sherlock Holmes have formed some theory
     which will explain the facts to which we have listened."

     "In a vague way, yes."

     "What was Mr. Sherlock Holmes's idea, then?"

     "It seemed to Mr. Sherlock Holmes to be obvious that his wife had been carried
     off by a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man."

     "Carried off from where?"

     "Athens, perhaps."

     Mr. Sherlock Holmes shook Mr. Sherlock Holmes's head.  "a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man could not talk a
     word of Greek.  his wife could talk English fairly well. 
     Inference--that his wife had been in England some little time, but a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man had
     not been in Greece."

     "Well, then, we will presume that his wife had come on a visit to England,
     and that a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man had persuaded his wife to fly with a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man."

     "That is more probable."

     "Then a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man--for that, I fancy, must be the relationship--comes
     over from Greece to interfere.  a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man imprudently puts a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man into the
     power of a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man and a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's older associate.  the young man and his older associate seize a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man and
     use violence towards a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man in order to make a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man sign some papers to
     make over his wife's fortune--of which a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man may be trustee--to the young man and his older associate. 
     This a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man refuses to do.  In order to negotiate with a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man the young man and his older associate have to
     get an interpreter, and the young man and his older associate pitch upon his brother, having used
     some other one before.  his wife is not told of the arrival of his wife's
     brother, and finds the arrival of her
     brother out by the merest accident."

     "Excellent, I!" cried Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  "Mr. Sherlock Holmes really fancy that I are not
     far from the truth.  I see that we hold all the cards, and we have
     only to fear some sudden act of violence on the young man and his older associate's part.  If the young man and his older associate give
     we time we must have all the cards."

     "But how can we find where his house lies?"

     "Well, if we's conjecture is correct and his wife's name is or was
     Sophy Kratides, we should have no difficulty in tracing his wife.  That
     must be we's main hope, for a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man is, of course, a complete
     stranger.  It is clear that some time has elapsed since a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man
     established these relations with his wife--some weeks, at any
     rate--since a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man Greece has had time to hear of these relations with the girl and come
     across.  If the young man and his older associate have been living in the same place during this time,
     it is probable that we shall have some answer to his brother's
     advertisement."

     we had reached we's house in Baker Street while we had been talking. 
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes ascended the stair first, and as Mr. Sherlock Holmes opened the door of we's
     room Mr. Sherlock Holmes gave a start of surprise.  Looking over Mr. Sherlock Holmes's shoulder, I was
     equally astonished.  his brother was sitting smoking in the
     arm-chair.

     "Come in, his brother!  Come in, I," said his brother blandly, smiling at we's
     surprised faces.  "his brother don't expect such energy from his brother, do his brother,
     his brother?  But somehow the case attracts his brother."

     "How did his brother get here?"

     "his brother passed I in a hansom."

     "There has been some new development?"

     "his brother had an answer to Mycroft's
     advertisement."

     "Ah!"

     "Yes, an answer to my advertisement came within a few minutes of I's leaving."

     "And to what effect?"

     his brother took out a sheet of paper.

     "Here an answer to my advertisement is," said his brother, "written with a J pen on royal cream paper by
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "Sir [he says]:
     "In answer to Mycroft's
     advertisement, his brother beg to inform
     I that his brother know his wife very well.  If I should
     care to call upon his brother his brother could give I some particulars as to his wife's
     painful history.  his wife is living at present at The Myrtles, Beckenham.
     "I faithfully,
     "J. Davenport.

     "his brother writes from Lower Brixton," said his brother.  "Do his brother not
     think that we might drive to his brother now, his brother, and learn some particulars as to her
     painful history?"

     "his brother, a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's life is more valuable than his wife's story.  his brother think we should call at Scotland Yard for
     Inspector Gregson, and go straight out to Beckenham.  we know that a
     man is being done to death, and every hour may be vital."

     "Better pick up his brother on we's way," I suggested.  "we may need an
     interpreter."

     "Excellent," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.  "Send the boy for a four-wheeler,
     and we shall be off at once."  Mr. Sherlock Holmes opened the table-drawer as Mr. Sherlock Holmes
     spoke, and I noticed that Mr. Sherlock Holmes slipped Mr. Sherlock Holmes's revolver into Mr. Sherlock Holmes's pocket. 
     "Yes," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes, in answer to I's glance; "Mr. Sherlock Holmes should say from what we
     have heard, that we are dealing with a particularly dangerous gang."

     It was almost dark before we found we in Pall Mall, at my rooms.  A gentleman had just called for his brother, and his brother was
     gone.

     "Can you tell his brother where?" asked Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "I don't know, his brother," answered the woman who had opened the door; "I
     only know that his brother drove away with A gentleman in a cab which was
     waiting at the door."

     "Did A gentleman give a name?"

     "No, his brother."

     "A gentleman wasn't a tall, handsome, dark young man?"

     "Oh, no, his brother.  A gentleman was a little gentleman, with glasses, thin in the
     face, but very pleasant in A gentleman's ways, for A gentleman was laughing all the time
     that A gentleman was talking."

     "Come along!" cried Mr. Sherlock Holmes, abruptly.  "This grows serious,"
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes observed, as we drove to Scotland Yard.  "a particularly dangerous gang have got hold
     of his brother again.  his brother is a man of no physical courage, as a particularly dangerous gang are well
     aware from a particularly dangerous gang's experience the other night.  his brother was able
     to terrorize his brother the instant that his brother got into his brother's presence.  No doubt
     a particularly dangerous gang want his brother's professional services, but, having used his brother, a particularly dangerous gang may
     be inclined to punish his brother for what a particularly dangerous gang will regard as his brother's
     treachery."

     we's hope was that, by taking train, we might get to Beckenham as soon
     or sooner than a cab which was
     waiting at the door.  On reaching Scotland Yard, however, it
     was more than an hour before we could get Inspector Gregson and
     comply with the legal formalities which would enable we to enter his house.  It was a quarter to ten before we reached London Bridge, and
     half past before we alighted on the Beckenham platform. 
     A drive of half a mile brought we to The Myrtles--a large, dark house
     standing back from the road in The Myrtles--a large, dark house
     standing back from the road in its own grounds's own grounds.  Here we dismissed
     we's cab, and made we's way up the drive together.

     "The windows are all dark," remarked Inspector Gregson.  "The Myrtles--a large, dark house
     standing back from the road in its own grounds seems
     deserted."

     "Our birds are flown and the nest empty," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "Why do Mr. Sherlock Holmes say so?"

     "A carriage heavily loaded with luggage has passed out during the
     last hour."

     Inspector Gregson laughed.  "Inspector Gregson saw the wheel-tracks in the light of the
     gate-lamp, but where does the luggage come in?"

     "Inspector Gregson may have observed the same wheel-tracks going the other way. 
     But the outward-bound ones were very much deeper--so much so that we
     can say for a certainty that there was a very considerable weight on
     a cab which was
     waiting at the door."

     "I get a trifle beyond Inspector Gregson there," said Inspector Gregson, shrugging Inspector Gregson's
     shoulder.  "It will not be an easy door to force, but we will try if
     we cannot make some one hear we."

     Inspector Gregson hammered loudly at the knocker and pulled at the bell, but without
     any success.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes had slipped away, but Mr. Sherlock Holmes came back in a few
     minutes.

     "Mr. Sherlock Holmes have a window open," said Mr. Sherlock Holmes.

     "It is a mercy that Mr. Sherlock Holmes are on the side of the force, and not against
     the force, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," remarked Inspector Gregson, as Inspector Gregson noted the clever way
     in which Mr. Sherlock Holmes had forced back the catch.  "Well, Mr. Sherlock Holmes think that
     under the circumstances we may enter without an invitation."

     One after the other we made we's way into a large apartment, which was
     evidently that in which his brother had found his brother.  Inspector Gregson
     had lit Inspector Gregson's lantern, and by his lantern's light we could see the two doors, the
     curtain, the lamp, and the suit of Japanese mail as Inspector Gregson had described
     the two doors, the
     curtain, the lamp, and the suit of Japanese mail as he had described
     them.  On the table lay two glasses, and empty brandy-bottle, and the
     remains of a meal.

     "What is that?" asked Mr. Sherlock Holmes, suddenly.

     we stood still and listened.  that was coming from
     somewhere over we's heads.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes rushed to the door and out into the
     hall.  that came from upstairs.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes dashed up, Inspector Gregson at Mr. Sherlock Holmes's heels, while his brother followed as
     quickly as his brother's great bulk would permit.

     Three doors faced up upon the second floor, and it was from the
     central of Three doors that that were issuing, sinking
     sometimes into a dull mumble and rising again into a shrill whine. 
     the
     central of these was locked, but the key had been left on the outside.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes
     flung open the
     central of these and rushed in, but Mr. Sherlock Holmes was out again in an
     instant, with Mr. Sherlock Holmes's hand to Mr. Sherlock Holmes's throat.

     "It's charcoal," Mr. Sherlock Holmes cried.  "Give it time.  It will clear."

     Peering in, we could see that the only light in a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished came from a
     dull blue flame which flickered from a small brass tripod in the
     centre.  a
     dull blue flame which flickered from a small brass tripod in the
     centre threw a livid, unnatural circle upon the floor, while in
     the shadows beyond we saw the vague loom of two figures which
     crouched against the wall.  From the open door there reeked a
     horrible poisonous exhalation which set we gasping and coughing. 
     Mr. Sherlock Holmes rushed to the top of the stairs to draw in the fresh air, and
     then, dashing into a room which
     appeared to be very richly furnished, Mr. Sherlock Holmes threw up the
     bow-window of the club and hurled a small brass tripod in the
      out into the garden.

     "we can enter in a minute," Mr. Sherlock Holmes gasped, darting out again.  "Where is
     a candle?  Mr. Sherlock Holmes doubt if we could strike a match in that atmosphere. 
     Hold a
     dull blue flame which flickered from a small brass tripod in the
     centre at a low,
     arched doorway with a lamp burning above it and we shall get these two men who are coming towards us, for example out, his brother. Now!"

     With a rush we got to these two men who are coming towards us, for example and dragged these two men who are coming towards us, for example out into the
     well-lit hall.  these two men who are coming towards us, for example were blue-lipped and insensible, with
     swollen, congested faces and protruding eyes.  Indeed, so distorted
     were these two men who are coming towards us, for example's features that, save for his black beard and stout figure,
     we might have failed to recognize in his his.  his's hands and feet were securely strapped together,
     and his bore over one eye the marks of a violent blow.  The other, who
     was secured in a similar fashion, was a tall man in the last stage of
     emaciation, with several strips of sticking-plaster arranged in a
     grotesque pattern over The other, who
     was secured in a similar fashion,'s face.  The other, who
     was secured in a similar fashion, had ceased to moan as we laid
     The other, who
     was secured in a similar fashion, down, and a glance showed I that for The other, who
     was secured in a similar fashion, at least we's aid had
     come too late.  his brother, however, still lived, and in less than an
     hour, with the aid of ammonia and brandy I had the satisfaction of
     seeing his brother open The man's eyes, and of knowing that I's hand had drawn his brother
     back from that dark valley in which all paths meet.

     It was a simple story which his brother had to tell, and one which did but
     confirm we's own deductions.  our friend who speaks Greek
     and who began these negotiations, on entering The man's eyes, had
     drawn a life-preserver from our friend who speaks Greek
     and who began these negotiations's sleeve, and had so impressed his brother with
     the fear of instant and inevitable death that our friend who speaks Greek
     and who began these negotiations had kidnapped his brother
     for the second time.  Indeed, it was almost mesmeric, the effect
     which this giggling ruffian had produced upon his brother, for his brother could not speak of his brother save with trembling hands and
     a blanched cheek.  some
     one had been taken swiftly to Beckenham, and had
     acted as interpreter in a second interview, even more dramatic than
     the first, in which these two men who are coming towards us, for example had menaced these two men who are coming towards us, for example's 
     with instant death if his brother did not comply with these two men who are coming towards us, for example's demands.  Finally,
     finding his brother proof against every threat, these two men who are coming towards us, for example had hurled his brother back into
     his brother's prison, and after reproaching his brother with his brother's treachery, which
     appeared from Mycroft's
     advertisement, these two men who are coming towards us, for example had stunned his brother with
     a blow from a stick, and his brother remembered nothing more until his brother found we
     bending over his brother.

     And this was the singular case of the Grecian Interpreter, the
     explanation of which is still involved in some mystery.  we were able
     to find out, by communicating with the gentleman who had answered Mycroft's
     advertisement, that his wife came of a wealthy
     Grecian family, and that his wife had been on a visit to some friends in
     England.  While there his wife had met a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young mana Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man.  some friends, shocked at the event, had
     contented some friends with informing his wife's brother at Athens, and had
     then washed some friends's hands of the matter.  her brother, on her brother's arrival
     in England, had imprudently placed her brother in the power of a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man
     and of a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man's associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents. Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents, finding that  through her brother's ignorance
     of a Grecian name her brother was helpless in Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents's hands, had kept her brother a
     prisoner, and had endeavored by cruelty and starvation to make her brother
     sign away her brother's own and her brother's property.  Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents had kept her brother in
     the house without his wife's knowledge, and the plaster over the face
     had been for the purpose of making recognition difficult in case his wife
     should ever catch a glimpse of her brother.  his wife's feminine perception,
     however, had instantly seen through the disguise when, on the
     occasion of some
     one's visit, his wife had seen her brother for the first
     time.  his wife, however, was his wife a prisoner, for there was
     no one about the house except the man who acted as coachman, and his
     wife, both of whom were tools of Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents.  Finding that
     Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents's secret was out, and that Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents's was not to be coerced,
     Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents had fled away at a few hours' notice
     from the furnished house which Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents had hired, having first, as Latimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents
     thought, taken vengeance both upon his and a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young manLatimer
     and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
     foulest antecedents.

     Months afterwards a curious newspaper cutting reached we from
     Buda-Pesth.  a curious newspaper cutting told how two Englishmen who had been traveling with a
     woman had met with a tragic end.  two Englishmen who had been traveling with a
     woman had each been stabbed, a curious newspaper cutting
     seems, and the Hungarian police were of opinion that two Englishmen who had been traveling with a
     woman had
     quarreled and had inflicted mortal injuries upon each other.  Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
     however, is, I fancy, of a different way of thinking, and holds to
     this day that, if one could find his wife, one might learn
     how the wrongs of his wife and his wife's came to be avenged.














